docs(object): update cyberduck tutorial (#6802)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/store-s3-cyberduck/index.mdx

import Requirements from '@macros/iam/requirements.mdx'

This tutorial shows you how to use [Cyberduck](https://cyberduck.io/) to store and manage objects with Scaleway [Object Storage](/object-storage/). Cyberduck is an open-source file transfer client that provides a graphical interface for interacting with Object Storage buckets.

<Requirements />

- A Scaleway account logged into the [console](https://console.scaleway.com)
- [Owner](/iam/concepts/#owner) status or [IAM permissions](/iam/concepts/#permission) allowing you to perform actions in the intended Organization
- A valid [API key](/iam/how-to/create-api-keys/)
- Installed [Cyberduck](https://cyberduck.io/download/).

1. Download the Cyberduck profile corresponding to the desired Scaleway Object Storage region from the [Cyberduck documentation](https://docs.cyberduck.io/protocols/s3/scaleway/).

> 2. Double-click the profile file to start a new connection with the selected region. A connection pop-up appears.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Double-click the profile file to start a new connection with the selected region. A connection dialog box appears.
```

New guidelines : Si ce n'est pas un message éphémère / informatif avec juste "OK" ou "Got it" alors on est sur une boîte de dialogue plutôt qu'une popup ^^

> 3. Enter your Scaleway API access key and secret key, then click **Connect**. A list of your buckets from the selected region displays.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Enter your Scaleway API access key and secret key, then click **Connect**. A list of your buckets from the selected region appears.
```

New guidelines : on utilise display avec plus subtilité ; ici, on est dans un cas où c'est grammaticalement un peu maladroit, donc on va préférer "appears". (Néanmoins, ne fait pas comme moi non plus qui éradique complètement le verbe x))
